---
title: "Getting Data Project"
author: "Tim Jones"
date: "30 December 2016"
output: html_document
---

**Code Book for Getting and Cleaning Data course project**

The exported summary data table as shown in the uploaded file TidySummaryData.csv is described below:



Column Name | Class | notes
--- | --- | ------
subjectID | integer | ID of the volunteer subject range is 1-30
activityID | character | Description of the activity, there are 6 activities in total
tBodyAcc-mean()-X | numeric  | mean value of the accelerometer feature data
tBodyAcc-mean()-Y | numeric  | mean value of the accelerometer feature data
tBodyAcc-mean()-Z | numeric  | mean value of the accelerometer feature data
tBodyAcc-std()-X | numeric  | mean value of the accelerometer feature data
tBodyAcc-std()-Y | numeric  | mean value of the accelerometer feature data
tBodyAcc-std()-Z | numeric  | mean value of the accelerometer feature data
tGravityAcc-mean()-X | numeric  | mean value of the accelerometer feature data
tGravityAcc-mean()-Y | numeric  | mean value of the accelerometer feature data
tGravityAcc-mean()-Z | numeric  | mean value of the accelerometer feature data
tGravityAcc-std()-X | numeric  | mean value of the accelerometer feature data
tGravityAcc-std()-Y | numeric  | mean value of the accelerometer feature data
tGravityAcc-std()-Z | numeric  | mean value of the accelerometer feature data
tBodyAccJerk-mean()-X | numeric  | mean value of the accelerometer feature data
tBodyAccJerk-mean()-Y | numeric  | mean value of the accelerometer feature data
tBodyAccJerk-mean()-Z | numeric  | mean value of the accelerometer feature data
tBodyAccJerk-std()-X | numeric  | mean value of the accelerometer feature data
tBodyAccJerk-std()-Y | numeric  | mean value of the accelerometer feature data
tBodyAccJerk-std()-Z | numeric  | mean value of the accelerometer feature data
tBodyGyro-mean()-X | numeric  | mean value of the accelerometer feature data
tBodyGyro-mean()-Y | numeric  | mean value of the accelerometer feature data
tBodyGyro-mean()-Z | numeric  | mean value of the accelerometer feature data
tBodyGyro-std()-X | numeric  | mean value of the accelerometer feature data
tBodyGyro-std()-Y | numeric  | mean value of the accelerometer feature data
tBodyGyro-std()-Z | numeric  | mean value of the accelerometer feature data
tBodyGyroJerk-mean()-X | numeric  | mean value of the accelerometer feature data
tBodyGyroJerk-mean()-Y | numeric  | mean value of the accelerometer feature data
tBodyGyroJerk-mean()-Z | numeric  | mean value of the accelerometer feature data
tBodyGyroJerk-std()-X | numeric  | mean value of the accelerometer feature data
tBodyGyroJerk-std()-Y | numeric  | mean value of the accelerometer feature data
tBodyGyroJerk-std()-Z | numeric  | mean value of the accelerometer feature data
tBodyAccMag-mean() | numeric  | mean value of the accelerometer feature data
tBodyAccMag-std() | numeric  | mean value of the accelerometer feature data
tGravityAccMag-mean() | numeric  | mean value of the accelerometer feature data
tGravityAccMag-std() | numeric  | mean value of the accelerometer feature data
tBodyAccJerkMag-mean() | numeric  | mean value of the accelerometer feature data
tBodyAccJerkMag-std() | numeric  | mean value of the accelerometer feature data
tBodyGyroMag-mean() | numeric  | mean value of the accelerometer feature data
tBodyGyroMag-std() | numeric  | mean value of the accelerometer feature data
tBodyGyroJerkMag-mean() | numeric  | mean value of the accelerometer feature data
tBodyGyroJerkMag-std() | numeric  | mean value of the accelerometer feature data
fBodyAcc-mean()-X | numeric  | mean value of the accelerometer feature data
fBodyAcc-mean()-Y | numeric  | mean value of the accelerometer feature data
fBodyAcc-mean()-Z | numeric  | mean value of the accelerometer feature data
fBodyAcc-std()-X | numeric  | mean value of the accelerometer feature data
fBodyAcc-std()-Y | numeric  | mean value of the accelerometer feature data
fBodyAcc-std()-Z | numeric  | mean value of the accelerometer feature data
fBodyAccJerk-mean()-X | numeric  | mean value of the accelerometer feature data
fBodyAccJerk-mean()-Y | numeric  | mean value of the accelerometer feature data
fBodyAccJerk-mean()-Z | numeric  | mean value of the accelerometer feature data
fBodyAccJerk-std()-X | numeric  | mean value of the accelerometer feature data
fBodyAccJerk-std()-Y | numeric  | mean value of the accelerometer feature data
fBodyAccJerk-std()-Z | numeric  | mean value of the accelerometer feature data
fBodyGyro-mean()-X | numeric  | mean value of the accelerometer feature data
fBodyGyro-mean()-Y | numeric  | mean value of the accelerometer feature data
fBodyGyro-mean()-Z | numeric  | mean value of the accelerometer feature data
fBodyGyro-std()-X | numeric  | mean value of the accelerometer feature data
fBodyGyro-std()-Y | numeric  | mean value of the accelerometer feature data
fBodyGyro-std()-Z | numeric  | mean value of the accelerometer feature data
fBodyAccMag-mean() | numeric  | mean value of the accelerometer feature data
fBodyAccMag-std() | numeric  | mean value of the accelerometer feature data
fBodyBodyAccJerkMag-mean() | numeric  | mean value of the accelerometer feature data
fBodyBodyAccJerkMag-std() | numeric  | mean value of the accelerometer feature data
fBodyBodyGyroMag-mean() | numeric  | mean value of the accelerometer feature data
fBodyBodyGyroMag-std() | numeric  | mean value of the accelerometer feature data
fBodyBodyGyroJerkMag-mean() | numeric  | mean value of the accelerometer feature data
fBodyBodyGyroJerkMag-std() | numeric  | mean value of the accelerometer feature data
